# Tech-Demo
1、Gernerator:
    The LevelGernerater uses the BSP and PerlinNoise techniques.

    (LevelGenerator.cs)
    This is the topest module , which contains the main logic of generation, 
    it builds dungeon terrain mesh by PerinNoise, the height of mesh's vertices 
    is generated by PerlinNoise interface. The position and the scale of dungeon
    are based on the result from BSP.

    BinarySpacePartition.cs
    Split the rectangle with the binary tree, that it's width and length are defined by us.
    All the leaves node of the b-tree represent the dungeons after partition.

    Node.cs
    It is base class of the DungeonNode and BridgeNode, basically like the other tree nodes.
    What's more, it has 4 corner coordinates which represent a quadrilateral.

    DungeonNode.cs
    Inherited from Node class, that represent a dungeon room.

    BridgeNode.cs
    Inherited from Node class, that represent brige connects the dungeons.

    Helper.cs
    Contains some functions that helps raversing B-tree and return it's leaves 
    and generate random smaller dungeon from the given parameters.

    ChangeTextureColor.cs
    Change the mesh texture color to make the terrain more obvious

2、Agent (Chan, a japanese girl)
    Use the NavMesh technique to implement navigation system, and use animator FSM 
    which contains 4 state, RUN, WALK, WAIT to make the agent act more naturally 
    when she is on her way moveing. The JUMP is what she release a skill "Quake",
    to make damage to the enemys in range.
    Use the Behavior Trees to controll the monsters, that they will chase AgentChan
    when she is in their chasing range. And they will change color to tell the state 
    which they are in.

    PlayerMovement.cs
    Do the navigation move when player set a destination, at the same time make the player
    change the state acording to the remain distance, run if it's too long , walk if's close
    enough and relax idle when she stays still. And the damage logic.

    EnemyAI.cs
    The monster enemyAI will chasing Chan when she is nearby, that it will change it's color to
    yellow to say it's chasing. It will fire when she is in the fire range. And It will take
    damage when chan use quake skill. This contains the tree top node and root the Behavior tree.

    BTNode.cs 
    Base abstract Class of Behavior tree node.It has 3 state, RUNNING, SUCCESS, FAILURE. The RUNNING
    state is the middle state tells the state are processing. And the SUCCESS, FAILURE are means boolean
    result of the node state comes out. 

    Selector.cs Sequence.cs Inverter.vs
    The concrete classes that implement the BTNode, part of basic Behavior-Trees structure.

    Nodes(Folder)
    Contains all the concrete logic class like the ChaseNode, RangeNode, FireNode, HPNode. Those are the
    nodes for the gameplay logic's needs.

3、ThirdParty documentation:
    NavMeshComponents
    It's Open-Source High Level API Components for Runtime NavMesh Building from the Unity Technologies.
    License: MIT License
    Links: https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/NavMeshComponents
    
    unity-chan!
    It's free assets for the Unity Asset Store, Copyrighted and produced by Unity Technologies Japan.
    License: Unity-Chan License (UCL)
    Links: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/unity-chan-model-18705#content

    Thanks for the Unity Technologies and their developers.
